c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\MessageApp.dll.config
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\MessageApp.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\MessageApp.pdb
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\MessageWCF.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\MessageWCF.pdb
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\obj\Debug\MessageApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\obj\Debug\MessageApp.dll
c:\users\lina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MessageApp\MessageApp\obj\Debug\MessageApp.pdb
